[README]: Installation step to run webapp (#11)
vberger/Bayes-O-Matic: README.md

An explanation of what Bayesian Networks are, how they can be used, and how to use
the app is available in-app via the "Help" button, or as a
[markdown file](https://github.com/vberger/Bayes-O-Matic/tree/master/static/help).

## How to install

### Prerequisites

> Before start installation, be sure the *C++ tools* is installed on your system. You can download it into the [Build Tools for Visual Studio 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/thank-you-downloading-visual-studio/?sku=BuildTools&rel=16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to install the compiler for the Rust programming language. Do to so there are some prerequisites:

- On Windows, you need the *C++ tools* is installed on your system. You can download it into the [Build Tools for Visual Studio 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/thank-you-downloading-visual-studio/?sku=BuildTools&rel=16).
- On Linux you'll need a working compilation toolchain. Your distribution likely provides the necessary package (for example `build-essential` on Debian).
- 
```

Reviewer: I'd rather formulate it like so, to be more cross-platform. I don't know if there are prerequisites for macos though.
